
Laws act as  guidelines to show people what socially acceptable behaviors are ,which can prevent people from losing order as they please.For example, if they live in a society without legal system  they may experience enormous problems in daily lives, such as fraud and robbery. For instance, if they do not obey the traffic laws , car accidents will increase and traffic congestion can become daily occurrence, which may damage economy. However, laws may sometimes restrict freedom inevitably and even hamper the social progress, when the business world has many restrictions or high income tax rates. Despite this, it is reasonable to conclude that, without laws and rules society may not function well, although restrictive laws could also be a problem.

Community service could be a better alternative method to imprisonment that can lead to continued criminal behavior. The reason is that offenders break laws due to poverty and lack of experience in decision making.

On the other hand, economic slowdown leads to a climbing unemployment rate.There are some economically deprived communities in some large cities.Poverty is responsible for the crime wave in many communities. Imposing stiff punishment could be an effective method to reduce crime.While a prison sentence can be harmful to teenagers due to the fact that  criminal record can cast a long shadow on their career. Although imprisonment can have deterrent effect, it can isolate offenders from society and hinder their reintegration into it, which may increase the likelihood of reoffending after being released from prison.


Community service can provides offenders with opportunities to acquire transferable skills.To solve the problem, educational and vocational training are crucial to assist offenders in improving their legal knowledge and job skills, making it easier for them to satisfy the requirements of market for their future career advancement.

In conclusion, it is essential to understand the root causes of criminal behavior，such as  poverty and lack of experience in decision making，which should be modified by considering alternative methods, guiding them to become the productive members of communities to promote a safer society rather than relying solely on harsh punishment. 

—————————————————————————————————————————
A country’s economic development relies on a supply of young workers, and immigrants are sometimes regarded|recognized as a threat to social cohesion. With an increasing number of young people participating in volunteer services, community cohesion will be enhanced as a close-knit community can give people a sense of belongs.

When students are involved or participate in these volunteers services, they may  confront with | experience enormous problems and challenges, most of which are rare at school. However, younger generation can find enjoyment in serving communities since they can see how their work can make a positive difference to other members of community. For example, it is a huge responsibility to support disadvantaged children in schooling, and middle school students （will） come to realize that helping others to receive a good education can make for a fair and happy society. 

However,  some students find it difficult to balance volunteer services with learning tasks, leading to difficulty in concentrating on their studies | completing homework| and finishing homework. Young volunteers may not be willing to devote their time to unpaid work if they do not discover the value of what they do.  It is a duty of voluntary organizations to ensure that all programs are well-tailored to young participants, taking into account their time schedules and academic commitments.
Overall | In conclusion, volunteer work is of considerable importance to the next generation in terms of sharpening skills and improving the ability to tackle problems.
balance A with B
strike a  balance between A and B

Cities are more densely populated，which offer more job opportunities, making it easier to earn a decent living. However, the increase in urban dwellers can put huge pressure on housing and amenities in cities, leading to poor living conditions for many immigrants who cannot afford to own a home and end up living in slums. They are prone to poor health because urban facilities fail to meet the growing demand for clean water , waste disposal and sewage management.

On the other hand, the shortage of labour has become a problem in rural communities, making it difficult | it is not easier to revitalize the local economy. Ambitious, energetic and hardworking individuals with creative ideas move to cities for job and study opportunities, but this trend has attracted the attention of many people.

Aging population can have a negative impact on the economy through strain on the medical system and reduced productivity. The need for medical care and spending on it tends to increase with age, which may impose a burden on taxpayers.Additionally, the 
labor productivity will decrease with an increase in the senior workers due to cognitive decline.Despite these challenges , the wisdom and experiences of older workers can be beneficial to society and companies. Therefore, governments should increase funding on elderly care and prioritize it over other essential services.

On the other hand, aging population has prompted countries to raise their statutory retirement age.Older people used to pay taxes when they were younger. As a result,governments should provide elderly people with medical care that they need.Moreover, older people have more life experience than young people, but the generation gap between elderly people and teenagers always leads to misunderstanding, and the older people who live along tend to feel longly and unhappy. Governments should give priority to the welfare services, especial healthcare.

Importance of promoting healthy lives due to｜ lies in the fact that it can enable|allow people to develop good habitshave a happy life make people feel pride and happy | have a sense of pride and well-being .Although some people believe that they deserve the freedom to choose｜opt for their ways of living that suit them, if people can decide how to live their lives.I argue that they may not live  healthy lives without  governments intervention. On the one hand, they opt for healthy habits that suit them because they believe that these habits and help them keep fit and increase confidence in their work and social lives. For instance, some people may concentrate on vegetables and fruits in their diets. However, If they are obsessed with how to follow the government’s guideline of lifestyle, they may live under great|enormous  pressure.
choose their ways of living 
live healthy lives 
Opt for decide choose 
lifestyle 


On the other hand, governments should tighten the regulation on some bad lifestyles，especially those  that have been proven to be harmful to health.There are many people who lack self-discipline to develop bad behavior .For example, they are heavy smokers, although it is well-known| common knowledge that tobacco use endangers their health. They may not quit smoking unless the government imposes tobacco tax and forbids city dwellers|citizens to smoke publicly.

In my view, governments may offer guidance that be responsible for educating public about what to do since they are not well-informed about how damaging their ways of life can be. For instance, if governments launch campaigns to disseminate|convey the information|message that a sedentary  job can have negative effects on health | affect health adversely and reduce the life expectancy  office workers will try their best to do exercises regularly. Awareness campaigns should also offer|provide information about health problems caused by eating fast food , so consumers will pay attention to healthy eating and read the nutritional information on food packaging carefully.
————————————————————————————————————————— 
税收
We should also recognize that taxes are necessary to fund public services and projects that can benefit society as a whole.If there were not a great public transport system commuters find it difficult to travel to and from work, and traffic congestion can reduce the work efficiency . Because of low profit margin, these projects or services may not be funded by private sectors. Although taxes are very important for the economy, which  Governments can achieve their goals of income redistribution by levying taxation  （levying taxes）that can also shape or control people’s behavior，while heavy taxes can damage the economic development. Money is a great motivator for many people because  they can enjoy an improvement in the standard of living and experience a sense of fulfillment . If they have to pay hefty taxes , they may not intend have the incentive to work, while entrepreneurs are also unwilling to set up new businesses. Therefore, it is also important to keep | strike a  balance between taxation and incentives for individuals and entrepreneurs or businesses.
heavy/hefty taxes  
Levying taxation 

Some public services have problems in （breaking even）balancing the budget, and we must consider ｜take into account social and economic （context）aspects, and the top priority for deprived ｜underdeveloped countries is to satisfy citizens’ | people’s basic needs, In a high consumer society, bare necessities may not meet|satisfy people’s requirements. Legislation should make a criminal offense for drunk driving. The investment ｜innovation in space technology should be supported by governments. We should respect our neighbors’ privacy, while racial discrimination remains as a serious problem.
Investment in 投资
Invention of 发明
investigate 调查
basic needs/requirements
bare necessities
老城
Old buildings and towns may not satisfy|meet contemporary needs since the old towns used to serve  past generations, which may not always build modern facilities and structures, so they need|require reconstruction and renovation. Although it may present challenges to  development of cities, an old town without providing good housing and amenities may not | is unlikely to attract and retain inhabitants.

+undergo +The development of cities pose a threat to heritage sites, and it is very expensive to maintain  old buildings. Governments need to offer some cities’ fund to preserve｜protect historical buildings, and some historical relics that should be preserved for their historical significance.
historical relics ｜heritage site｜
buildings of historical interest
To solve|tackle the problem, old towns can knock down old buildings to fill|satisfy contemporary needs and stimulate economic growth.➕【政府出资】 historical buildings | Buildings of historical interest can undergo renovation to attract tourists, and  revenue of tourism sector can be a driving power for economic growth of  these historical towns.

put local producers under pressure
can undergo renovation
historical significance｜interest
新城
Many cities today are overcrowded, and some high-rise buildings can use land more efficiently, while they are sometimes regarded as eyesores of city, while building apartment blocks can help solve overcrowding in cities.  Additionally , many office buildings are wrapped in glass.

People do not consider it necessary|appropriate to allocate money to artistic projects, especially when a country struggles with budget problems. However, I support the funding for artistic projects, although the expenditure on public facilities is of considerable importance | is important to the life of public. Many people believe artistic projects make our cities more  attractive. One reason is that works of art, such as sculptures, paintings and statues, increase the appeal of public libraries , metro stations ,city plazas and other facilities. Public arts can add variety to urban life as we can visit visually spectacular locations with our family in our leisure time. Exposure to artistic projects can reduce our pressure and put us in a good mood.

increase appeal of
add variety to
support funding for 
expenditure on public facilities
artistic projects

However|Nevertheless, Ordinary|General people are more interested in public facilities, such as water and electricity supply networks, schools , libraries and roads many people would argue that public facilities， which have a direct bearing on quality of life，related to quality of their lives so it deserves more public money.For instance , good sanitations and clean water can improve people’s health and reduce diseases, while schools and libraries can disseminate knowledge and improve young people’s job prospects. In contrast, the works of art such as statues, paintings and sculptures are luxury items to most people that are not likely to bring tangible benefits to them.

However, I would argue that the public expenditure on art can benefit a city in economic terms, provided that it has basic facilities. A beautiful city with art galleries and eye-catching landmarks is to draw millions of tourists every year. The tourism boom enables local residents to have a decent quality of life. Meanwhile, the revenue from tourism sector can be invested in the improvement of facilities , such as roads.

Our environment is still in a dire state, and it is short-sighted to damage the environment for profit .Most degradation of environment is attributed to human activities, （human activities is responsible for  degradation of environment .）sometimes, it is difficult to evaluate the environmental cost of human activities, and the rapid population expansion is the main reason for the huge accumulation of waste.

Governments need to take actions|steps to raise people’s health awareness, and small lifestyle changes can make a huge difference. We should recycle waste , and money can be used for clean-up operation，which can reduce the environmental impact of our daily activities and help create a pleasant environment.

Moreover, Because of low-cost carriers , the transportation industry | sector has developed at an astounding pace over  past decades . Therefore，carbon emissions from factories, vehicles and aviation can damage the environment，which may emit greenhouse gases and contribute to the global warming | ,leading to global warming ,and damage environment. and aero plane may have adverse effect on environment.

Car fumes can damage the environment and lead to health problems, and traffic noises is very distracting, and commuting time has been prolonged because of traffic congestion. 

Taking public transportation is more Eco-friendly than driving, helping us reduce carbon emissions. Governments need to encourage people to take public transports, making it convenient and comfortable.

Indeed, it is true that many people today have chosen to go green and cut down on the use of energy, such as use of fossil fuels which may cause damage to the environment.Governments should increase funding on the clean energy research . The invention of electric vehicles is a key part of our effort to sustain our environment.

The increase in the budget airlines has enabled|allowed us to travel around| throughout the world at a low prices|cost. I believe|think that cheaper flights can benefit masses, although we should avoid unnecessary journeys. For example, people can visit and learn more about world different countries to exploit a large number of career possibilities for development by visiting different countries. Professional people can find better jobs and earn higher salaries in other countries . Some business people are also likely to spot| discover some commercial opportunities, and make profits by engaging in international trade. If the air fares were raised, these opportunities might not be available.

On the other hand, some people suggest|advise an increase in air ticket prices, because higher expenses can prevent|discourage people from traveling aboard in other countries, while the decrease|drop in the number of flights can reduce the greenhouse gases emissions created by aircraft, minimizing the environmental cost by air travel. Other problems related to the aviation sector, including noises pollution and environmental destruction caused by the construction of airports and other facilities , can also be mitigated.
—————————————————————————— 
Personally, I do not consider it necessary to deprive people of opportunity to relax or travel in other  cities or even countries. Many people , especially those working in metropolitan areas, （lead to a busy life and make an effort|）struggle to cope with the stresses of urban life. If air tickets are highly affordable, they can travel to exotic locations on holiday. For instance, tourists in China can spend a holiday in some tropical countries where they can sample local food ,instead of staying at home. To minimize the (impact on the) environmental impact, airlines can turn to technological innovation. In conclusion, my view|opinion is that it is not rational to limit air travel ,as it benefits the masses.

Importing products from overseas can benefit consumers as it can lead to the reduction in the cost of living and satisfy people’s requirements of everyday lives. Increased competition can |may put local producers under pressure to cut their prices, which consumers can benefit from. In addition|additionally , importing products from overseas can improve the standard of living of people living in some areas where a supply of food and household appliances|goods is difficult to secure. However, transportation can cause pollution since both airplanes and vehicles may emit greenhouse gases into the atmosphere. Despise these adverse impact on the environment, overall, the effect of importing products from abroad is positive.

Nowadays, many people today have the tendency to |are willing to throw away clothing, electronic devises and other products they can keep for a long time. It is necessary to figure out why this phenomenon can|has become rampant and how to reverse this trend. Technological innovations and mass production  improve the efficiency（productivity） of workforce ｜work efficiency ,and reduce the cost of living（production）, making it possible for people to purchase |pursue a broad range of products as some electronic products such as mobile phones and laptops, will be sold at a low price. This is why few people would | tend to fix broken items. Young people in particular, are more likely to purchase the latest mobile phones with the up-to-date features and throw the old ones away.

Another reason is that people lack environmental awareness. People have not yet realized that their ways of life are unsustainable, leading to energy consumption and causing pollution as well as waste. While recycling can make our lifestyle more sustainable. For example, household appliances will end up in landfill sites, while the non-biodegradable  products can have a  destructive effect on the environment.
——————————————————————————
Technological development in manufacturing sector and lack of knowledge about sustainability are main reasons behind excessive consumption of products, and there are two solutions to this problems that governments can take action to mitigate. First of all, environmental groups can help improve|raise their environmental awareness and disseminate the knowledge of how to use and dispose of different products in an environmentally friendly ways, and they can learn how to keep household appliances longer. Governments can also pass some laws to deter | prohibit consumers from throwing away products|goods. For example, tax penalty can be imposed on some disposable products ,such as plastic bags, thereby encouraging people to use eco-friendly shopping bags.

Cities need more green space.Afforestation is able to improve air quality, thereby decreasing|reducing the risks of suffering health problems such as respiratory diseases. Nowadays, many wild animals and plants are under threat, and some animals have died out because of illegal hunting. Wild animals are a key part of the ecosystem that we live in. Governments need to build|create more natural reserves. Some wild animal experiments sometimes fail to detect the undesirable side effects of drugs.
—————————————————————————————————————————
——————————————————————————

Globalization means countries are interconnected, while people need to work with those from different backgrounds because of globalization.Employers are more likely to hire people who are responsible and reliable and  encouraged experienced staffs to break  moulds.

Running an organization in today’s world can be a daunting task because the competition is stiff and technology is developing rapidly. Because of uncertain about economic outlook, many companies may not recruit new employees，and  due to the fact that many jobs have been made redundant because of mechanization. Opening new branches in developing countries can generate huge profits and reduce the cost of production.

In a highly competitive society, working adults usually concentrate|focus on career advancement.Their professionals|careers can enable them to reach their potentials, and a career success can give people a sense of accomplishment, and people who are dedicated to their work are willing to achieve success. The people from disadvantaged backgrounds are able to improve social status by working hard. Many employees are more likely to work for the companies where they can gain|obtain promotional opportunities, and some people tend to choose jobs that offer higher salaries or match their interests. Nowadays, college|University graduates tend to earn higher salaries than people who do not have a university degree, and people who have a white-collar jobs tend to earn higher incomes than people who have blue-collar jobs.The people who have good foreign language skills may have a competitive edge in the job market.  
reach their potentials
enrich their lives
be rich in fibre and vitamins

Change is the only the constant in the modern world, and the rapid pace of technological advancement ,social ,political and economic changes are inevitable.The business environment is turbulent, and even a maturity|well-established company can be shutdown overnight. Economic recession forces companies to cut jobs to reduce spending on staff.As a result， some people are thus out of work.The unpredictability demands that organizations and individuals should keep|stay agile and adaptable to changing market trends and individual | consumer preferences. 
the rapid pace of *cal changes are inevitable
—————————————————————————————————————————
This is a challenging time for those affected , since Technology has been developing so fast that many people have failed to upgrade their skills to satisfy requirements of employers，but it is also a new opportunity to revaluate career goals and pursue new possibilities. Nowadays, many people intend to have a varied career , thereby switching jobs from time to time. Employers are increasingly accepting of this trend and concentrating on individuals who can bring a large number|diverse of experiences and skills to their organizations.
"Variety of" 和 "varied" 都用来描述多样性或不同种类，但它们在语法使用和细微含义上有所不同。
Variety of
用法：通常作为名词短语使用。
例子： "There is a variety of fruits in the market."（市场上有各种各样的水果。）
含义：强调一个群体中有很多不同种类。
Varied
用法：作为形容词使用。
例子： "The menu is varied."（菜单是多样化的。）
含义：表示一个群体内的项目彼此不同。
举例说明区别
Variety of：
"She has a variety of interests, including painting, hiking, and reading."（她有各种各样的兴趣，包括绘画、徒步旅行和阅读。）
"The store offers a variety of products."（这家商店提供各种各样的产品。）
Varied：
"The landscapes in this region are varied, ranging from mountains to deserts."（这个地区的景观多种多样，从山脉到沙漠都有。）
"His experiences have been varied, working in different countries and industries."（他的经历多种多样，在不同的国家和行业工作过。）
总结来说，“variety of” 用来强调某个群体内的多种类（作为名词短语），而 “varied” 描述某物的多样性或范围（作为形容词）

On-the-job training  and a sound financial planning are among the main strategies to overcome these challenges. Companies that invest in employees’ training and development tend to have higher rates of employee retention and job satisfaction. Learning a foreign language has become the norm in workplace as globalization proceeds, and ability to communicate effectively with clients and colleagues from different backgrounds and cultures has become increasingly important. Personal savings allow | make it possible for people to put their ideas into practice and set up their own new businesses, which is vital for economic growth and job opportunities|creation.

Many citizens|city dwellers today suffer from stress, and the people with heavy workload may not have adequate time to have a good rest. It is the main reason why many clerical workers today suffer from health problems. If employees may not keep work-life balance , they tend to |may feel frustrated. We need to take actions to solve some thorny problems.

A friendly working  environment give people a sense of belongs, which make employees feel motivated. It is very important to build trust and respect among the team members，who can work closely together to achieve common goal. Without trust and respect, team members find it difficult|hard to achieve their common goal. Being patience shows that we respect others’ feelings.

Men and women should have equal opportunities to achieve success , and many girls are unlikely| unwilling to seek jobs in a male-dominated world, and companies should provide working mothers with maternity leave and other forms of support. For example, people working from home tend to enjoy more freedom. 

Unemployment in rural areas can be addressed partially by rural-to-urban shift. On the other hand, cities can provide|offer more job opportunities than the countryside, and rural areas can provide people with opportunities to escape from pressure and noises of modern life.【provide sb with sth to 】
————————————————————————————————————————— 
Nowadays, nuclear families are very common in cities, and many parents have  busy careers and always|often work overtime, As a result, they are not as close to their children as they used to be. +依赖游戏和社交软件

If advertising campaigns directed at children are supervised|regulated, children may not pester their parents to buy many goods for them. Children are not|less sensitive to prices, and parents are more likely to satisfy their requirements|needs, which may put low-income families under great pressure.If children are not bombarded with ads, this problems can be avoided. Ads can also be responsible for many lifestyle issues and behavioral problems among children. For instance, some children like fast food since they are overwhelmed by these ads every day. +视力 Children may become increasingly temperamental due to their addiction to violent electronic games promoted by advertising firms.Many video games promote violence. If they are exposed to violent content every day they may be likely to have behavioral problems, because they tend to copy what they see in video games promoting violent content.All these problems may affect adversely their health and development.Moreover, children who always watch TV frequently may not be able to concentrate on learning tasks, leading to poor academic performance|grades. Increased screen time can also be detrimental to their social development, because they lack engagement in interactive activities that promote brain development, so they may become less sociable and unwilling to share ideas with peers or teachers, leading to difficulties in gaining knowledge and succeeding academically. 

Be bombarded with ads
Be overwhelmed by ads

On the other hand, we should also realize|recognize the advantages of advertisements. For instance, some ads provide|disseminate information about nourishing food like cereal and milk. There are many commercial ads selling books, games and toys of educational value.On the one hand, documentaries can help children better understand historical events easily, while watching TV shows featuring on featured by native speakers can make learning a foreign language more engaging.When parents do not have knowledge about the options available in the market , they can purchase the best products by gaining commercial information by ads （with information from commercials）.
Although TV shows have educational value and make learning more interesting with visual pictures|images and plots , but it is important for parents and teachers to limit screen time rather than endorse this habit.
The family environment is widely thought to be the most important influence on children’s development. Because parents play a key role in children’s education. Parents are supposed to be a good role model for children. Our parents prefer to give us sound advice because they care about us and have more life experience than us.
However, some parents spend too much time on social media.In fact, they should guide their children to use technological products in an appropriate way|appropriately such as mobile phones and the Internet.

Parents and teachers should make an effort to limit children’s screen time.In conclusion|summary, Parents and teachers should make an effort it is |crucial to restrict screen time to avoid interference with studies and social development, although TV can sometimes serve as a teaching aid ,which have educational value and make learning more interesting with visual pictures|images and plots.Looking after pets can help children develop a sense of responsibility.

In conclusion|Overall, I support tight control over advertising directed at children in cases where it sells products that are harmful to children. At the same time, these ads promoting good products can be accepted.

Advertisements make products looks more attractive and boost sales of products. Advertisements encourage people to follow the latest trends. Many people consider it necessary to follow fashion. Some people often overspend because they may not have a good spending habit. Some people are selfish and greedy, in other words, they only care about money and possessions. Some people prefer products that are simple but practical, while the mass-produced products lack characters. It is necessary to impose restrictions on ads which encourage people to buy more than they need.Media tend to attract public attention by sensationalizing victims’ suffering, and authorities should censor those news reports which give an exaggerated account of some social problems.（mass produced｜mass production）


Education hold the key to one’s job prospects, and the main function of schools is to impart knowledge to the next generation. Teaching quality can make a huge influence|difference to students’ academic performance, and teachers should encourage students to think independently , and people who can think creatively are more likely to achieve success. A large number of students in China have to do self-study at night, and schools should allow|permit teachers to use force to remove disruptive children from classroom. There is no direct link between grouping students by ability and their levels of attainment.
—————————————————————————————————————————
Children can learn|gain knowledge and develop skills at school，which can open our minds by learning how to read , write and communicate. Maths can help students better understand science and technology，which  can help children develop problem-solving skills .remembering|learning the time table by rote is not the best way to improve numeracy, while using multimedia tools can improve students’ concentration and keep them interested. Although art activities, such as painting and drawing are not among core subject areas at schools.For example，Learning to play a musical instrument can  make people more creative and encourage imagination.museums are interesting and educational,  Exposure to different cultures is part and parcel of education as perception of beauty differs from culture to culture.For instance， visiting museums is interesting and educational ，which can broaden|expand our mind|horizons. Sports and other school activities can be designed to give children a sense of accomplishment and boost|promote their well-being. For instance，playing outdoor games can help students develop an active lifestyle.Cooking is an important life skill , and learning to cook can make students|children more independent. If schools do not provide work placements it is difficult for students  to improve practical skills. Team sports can help people improve|boost teamwork skills , and group discussions can help students improve communication skills.

The spread of English can boost|promote cultural exchange and international cooperation as people can overcome language barriers in an international setting.
If English can be widely used,  it is easier for people to increase knowledge and broaden minds. 

The people who can use English proficiently can read news , magazines and books from English-speaking countries with minimum effort，so They can learn about the world with ease.These kinds of knowledge can benefit them as they can draw inspiration from good practices , values and lifestyles of countries where English is spoken. 

Another advantage is that teenagers feel the need to learn English as a second language because a good command of this language enables them to find work easily.｛ +globalization｝They cannot only share knowledge and ideas, but also seize business opportunities to earn money , and carry out projects collaboratively. 

On the other hand, the dominance of English can damage the cultural diversity of the world, because it may lead to the demise of some languages. In conclusion, English can play a key role in increasing communication and cooperation across the world, although it may present a challenge to the preservation of some languages.
—————————————————————————————————————————
By learning theories, people can gain insight into key concepts and principles to deepen their understanding of every discipline and become experts at a field of work.Theories have developed based on empirical knowledge, which is very important in the real life, so people who are familiar with theories are more likely to find jobs easily. Theories can broaden people’s minds, and stimulate|inspire them to think creatively, thereby improving|advancing the knowledge and technology. However, students who can use theories strictly may not reach|achieve ideal outcomes. To be more specific，Even though people who get familiar with theories may have competitive edge | advantages in the job market, they may not use these kinds of knowledge successfully unless they have some essential qualities , such as critical thinking skills ,practical skills|experience, and creativity. Therefore, although learning theories is of considerable importance to students , it is not the only prerequisite for success.

Schools are expected to assist students in gaining knowledge to improve exploitability. In my opinion, academic performance|subjects are important| are of considerable importance to one’s career accomplishment | achievement, while those students who do not understand the differences between right and wrong cannot achieve success | succeed in their working lives.Many teachers suggest that students should concentrate on core disciplines because the performance in these courses can determine whether they can enter university in the future, where they can learn|expand knowledge and develop skills in these subjects|courses, thereby gaining more job opportunities. For example, students who learn|acquire mathematical skills at school can build models to analyze data at university and work as financial analysts and engineers after graduation. However, they may not | are less likely to focus on core subjects|key disciplines if they are required to spend time（ in） studying moral principles and behavioral norms.

On the other hand, if students do not have a moral compass and are not able to distinguish right from wrong, even though they have better academic performance | perform well at school, they may not achieve success. The students who are aware of the responsibility （distinction  between acceptable and unacceptable behaviors ）can make a good use of the knowledge to contribute to society. The engineers who have sense of | are conscious of social responsibilities（professional ethics） are more likely to design safe products ,which consumers can benefit from.

In addition, the knowledge of etiquette rules is also valuable to student’s career advancement, and students should show respect to teachers and their peers, because they have a larger social networks, from which to gain support and advice. In my opinion, if schools do not teach them the value of politeness, they become rude and disrespectful. Whether or not they have exceptional academic performance, they cannot advance career easily.
Tell/Distinguish right from wrong 
Tell/Distinguish between right and wrong 
Understand differences between right and wrong 

One advantage|benefit of imposing rules is that it can help students show good behavior and manners，because students who can obey rules can understand the boundaries of behavior.For example,Schools’ rules forbid students to use profanities and disrupt class.Meanwhile ,they are expected to communicate with their teachers and peers in a polite manner, so they understand how to show respect to others if students want some advice .When they grow up, they may know how to maintain a good relationship with others, enjoy choice of friends. If they meet problems, they can gain|receive support from others. 

Opponents of rule-setting argue that unbending rules can delay the development of problem-solving abilities|skills . Children tend to stick to all rules, instead of considering whether rules help improve the situation.For example, school rules require students to take courses and finish all homework, and they prefer to take all orders of their supervisors in the workplace, instead of encouraging their creativity, which means that they may not deal and cope with some unexpected situations.
—————————————————————————————————————————
In my opinion, adults can impose rules on young|small children but lift some restrictions when they grow older. Young children rely on rules to develop habits which help them to learn how to tackle and handle difficult problems in appropriate ways. By comparison, grown-up children enjoy|have more freedom to think about solutions to problems themselves. For instance ,teachers can allow|permit students to search the Internet for answers , instead of setting rules about reading textbooks to find solutions.

Equal access to education can resolve|tackle educational underachievement. Free university education make it possible for students from less well-off backgrounds to have equal access to tertiary education, which can help students prepare for knowledge-based economy.Government grants can encourage more students to take postgraduate courses. In addition, many young people have chosen to study in English-speaking countries , where they can learn|study at some world famous universities.

On the other hand, budget cuts make it difficult for many young people to receive a university|college education. The young people without tertiary educational qualifications normally end up working in low-skilled jobs, while the university graduates tend to earn higher salaries than people who do not have  university degrees. Meanwhile, undergraduates feel to study hard under increasing pressure, because of a climbing|the soaring unemployment rate,  and many university graduates|students find it difficult to make a decent living even though they have gained tertiary qualifications.

————————————————————————————————————————— 

Charging tuition fees can encourage|motivate students to take education seriously and work hard to obtain degree, while free education can lead to lower academic level|standards, while abolishing tuition fees for all students is not financially feasible or practical. Allocating governments money|funds to primary and secondary education can improve literacy and help students prepare for the higher education and knowledge-based economy ,and the subsidies for postgraduates programs is to promote technological innovation and economic growth. In conclusion, a balanced method|approach that charges tuition fees but provides financial support for disadvantaged students can stimulate|encourage academic excellence ,stimulate economic growth, and bridge the social divide to prompt social equality. It is important to realize|recognize the value of education and need to make it accessible to all, While also acknowledging that financial limitations and constraints of governments funding.

Living away from parents means that young people have to learn how to live an independent life.College students can make new friends and enjoy greater freedom of choice in social life. They can hit the gym with other classmates ,attend lectures , finish assignment in the library and even do part-time work together. With these skills , they can handle many matters in the workplace. In conclusion, living away from parents can be a precious|valuable experience for young people in terms of sharpening|developing independence and social skills. Meanwhile, it is important to maintain a good|healthy relationship with family members, and not let distance negatively impact familial ties.

Distance education has different ways of helping students deepen their understanding of every lecture. By reading relevant materials and doing practical tests students can have a grasp of all concepts and theories. They can also choose to attend lectures that are recorded in advance, and receive directly education by lectures online|on the Internet. If they have any difficulty in digesting information , they can click pause button and rewind video until they can fully understand content. The development of distance-learning programs can also allow students to consult lectures whenever they have any problems|questions. It is possible for students to raise questions by using multimedia interactive communication tools in virtual classrooms or by sending emails.

However, participants of distance learning programs may not be able to benefit from face-to-face meetings with their teachers and classmates. What they learn in distance education is mainly theoretical knowledge, while receiving education in traditional courses|ways can be more rewarding and informative.For example, their communication with teachers is mainly about practice tests and exams, and their interaction with classmates can be negligible. They may not | are less likely to learn from others in daily communication about some issues, such as study skills, working experience|practices, and problem-solving techniques. In conclusion, distance education courses can also impart the same knowledge to students as the conventional degree courses. However, it has some drawbacks, such as a lack of interaction, which may limit learning outcomes.

—————————————————————————————————————————
Nowadays, many people in different countries have similar lifestyles. Many people have a fast-paced lifestyle and rely heavily on fast food and technology. For example, I believe that there is a direct link between fast food advertisements and rising levels of obesity. The unhealthy lifestyle is result of their tendency to rely heavily on technology, and people who spend too much time on playing electronic video games may develop an inactive lifestyle, which may damage their health and put people at risk of illness. Regular exercise|  Playing outdoor games  can develop an active lifestyle, increase one’s self-confidence and reduce the risks of heart diseases and high blood pressure. Listening to music is a good way to reduce stress.
fast-paced -unhealthy -an inactive lifestyle 
put people at risk of diseases ｜reduce risks of
regular exercise｜playing outdoor games

A health diet can improve our health, and food from restaurants is not as healthy as home-cooked food because it contains too much fat, salt and sugar, and vegetables are very nutritious, because it is rich in fibre and vitamins. Some restaurants offer a relaxing atmosphere, and other are noisy and overcrowded. The healthy effect of genetically modified food remains unclear , so some people disapprove of GM food.Genetically modified food can increase food supply and offer a wide range of food choices, but some scientists are concerned that GM food may damage our health. Genetic engineering allows people to nurture crop varieties, while intensive farming may pose a threat to bio-diversity, we will find it difficult to preserve biodiversity in the coming decades.

Convenience food is not only high in fat, salt ,sugar and calories but also is served in large portions. People who rely heavily on it may suffer from obesity and are more likely to contract heart diseases than normal-weight people，which means that governments have to pour more money into the medical system , which may have negative effect on economy| and economy can be affected adversely. 【vegetable fruits】A vast majority of fast food chains provide|offer American and European food ,including hamburgers , fried chickens and pizzas. If fast food restaurants dominant in the market, leading to a monotonous diet and traditional recipes disappearing. The people who always eat outside may not be able to keep up to date |keep in touch| catch up｜ with family issues, and they are less sensitive to emotional requirements of other family members. By comparison，family meals provide people with opportunities to share ideas/communicate with family members, thereby boosting|promoting the family bonds . Therefore, the popularity of fast food could be a menace to society, which may lead to health issues, a lack of diversity in diet and a breakdown in familiar ties. 
—————————————————————————
With age, people find it difficult to catch up | maintain contact with | keep up to date with |keep in touch with | family members and friends. The Internet and mobile phones make communication faster and easier |  it easier for people to communicate. We often share videos and photos online, and we can use the Internet to catch up with  our family and friends, and we can even use the Internet to exchange | communicate with those|people from other cities or even countries. Nowadays, people have less face-to-face interaction, and some people rely heavily on technology ,such as mobile phones and the Internet. Some people are addicted to social media and electronic video games. We keep in touch |catch up with our friends on social media. Many people today prefer to make new friends and socialize in a virtual world rather than in the real world. The impact of computer on communication skills varies across ages. We should not ignore face-to-face communication.
--catch up | maintain contact  | keep up to date  |keep in touch  |+with
—share knowledge and ideas with|communicate with 

Computer skills are applied in their studies as well as their working lives. News apps and websites can offer the latest news, and electronic dictionaries are more easier to carry around than the paper dictionaries. The Internet can help us find information quickly. Emails can arrive immediately.In contrast, hand-written letters are very time-consuming. Online shopping has become a normal part of our every day life, which can offer lower prices than those in the physical shops and help people save their time and energy, so many people prefer to make a  payment with their mobile phones. Artificial intelligence can help reduce mistakes and boost our work efficiency. Cutting-edge technology, such as self-driving cars and blockchain technology, can make our life more convenient. The special effects look more spectacular on a cinema screens by IMAX. Robots can cause many factory workers to lose their jobs. Articles in the newspapers tend to offer more details than articles on the Internet. 

Outdoor activities can boost the immune system, such as running ,jogging, hiking, cycling ,swimming and climbing , making people feel energetic. Running can help people burn their calories quickly , in other words, that is a better|good way to lose weight.Cycling can boost|improve coordination, and swimming can boost endurance. Taking a stroll is a better way to relax, and we can enjoy fresh air and get closer to nature in the parks. People can take photos to capture special moments in their life. Individual sports can boost confidence, while team sports can help develop|boost teamwork skills. International sports events , such as the Olympics Games and the FIFA WORLD CUP, can boost|promote peace and understanding.
传统
Traditional festivals are a key part of our cultural heritage, which enrich our lives. Celebrating traditional festivals can boost national pride and unite people. On New Year’s Day, people can exchange gifts|presents, and have a good time together. It is very common for Chinese people to exchange lavish gifts. Some traditional festivals attract many international tourists who should respect local traditions. Tourists spots should endeavor to cater for tastes and needs of tourists, because tourists can contribute to the economy .For example , they will spend money on accommodation , transportation , souvenirs and entertainment. In addition, traveling as a family is a good way to build familiar ties|boost family bonds, which can enable us to get away from our daily routine and recharge our batteries, and give us with opportunities to experience other cultures first-hand.
give sb sth ｜give sth to sb
provide sb with opportunities to do sth
provide sth for sb
—————————————————————————————————————————
Many celebrities have fame and wealth, on the other hand, they have lost their privacy, finding it hard to keep a work-life balance. Entertainment celebrities|stars should be good roles model for（play …in） young people. The achievement of celebrities can encourage|motivate young people to study hard and show perseverance. Celebrities should encourage people to contribute to society. For example, they should do volunteer work and donate money to charity. However, some celebrities do not use the products that they endorse，damaging their reputation. For instance, some TV programs are very interesting and enjoyable, and others are dull and boring; and some films are well-acted and very inspiring. In contrast, other movies lack depth. Some movies are good for all ages, while others may have a negative effect|influence on teenagers.

—————————————————————————————————————————


词组：
		Socially acceptable behaviors
		Legal system
		Prevent people from losing order
		Enormous problems
		Daily lives
		Fraud and robbery
		Traffic laws
		Car accidents
		Traffic congestion
		Damage economy
		Restrict freedom
		Hamper social progress
		Business world
		High income tax rates
		Without laws and rules
		Society may not function well
		Restrictive laws

		Economic slowdown
		Climbing unemployment rate
		Economically deprived communities
		Large cities
		Poverty
		Crime wave
		Imposing stiff punishment
		Reduce crime
		Prison sentence
		Harmful to teenagers
		Criminal record
		Cast a long shadow on their career
		Community service
		Offenders
		Opportunities to acquire transferable skills
		Community service
		Alternative method
		Imprisonment
		Foster a sense of responsibility
		Contribution to society
		Continued criminal behavior
		Educational and vocational training
		Legal knowledge
		Job skills
		Market requirements
		Career advancement
		Imprisonment
		Deterrent effect
		Isolate offenders
		Reintegration into society
		Likelihood of reoffending
		Root causes
		Criminal behavior
		Poverty
		Lack of experience in decision-making
		Alternative methods
		Modify offenders' behaviors
		Vocational and educational training
		Productive members of communities
		Safer society
		Harsh punishment
		Economic development
		Supply of young workers
		Immigrants
		Threat to social cohesion
		Increasing number
		Young people
		Volunteer services
		Community cohesion
		Close-knit community
		Sense of belonging
Student involvement
		Volunteer services
		Enormous problems and challenges
		Younger generation
		Serving communities
		Positive difference
		Disadvantaged children
		Middle school students
		Good education
		Fair and happy society
		Balance volunteer services
		Learning tasks
		Concentrating on studies
		Completing homework
		Finishing homework
		Young volunteers
		Unpaid work
		Discover the value
		Volunteer work
		Considerable importance
		Sharpening skills
		Tackling problems
		Duty of voluntary organizations
		Well-tailored programs
		Time schedules
		Academic commitments
		Shortage of labor
		Rural communities
		Revitalize the local economy
		Ambitious individuals
		Energetic individuals
		Hardworking individuals
		Creative ideas
		Move to cities
		Job opportunities
		Study opportunities
		Aging population
		Negative impact on the economy
		Strain on the medical system
		Reduced productivity
		Medical care
		Burden on taxpayers
		Labor productivity
		Senior workers
		Cognitive decline
		Wisdom and experiences
		Older workers
		Beneficial to society
		Beneficial to companies
		Governments should increase funding
		Elderly care
		Prioritize over other essential services
		Aging population
		Statutory retirement age
		Pay taxes
		Governments should provide
		Elderly people
		Medical care
		Life experience
		Generation gap
		Misunderstanding
		Lonely and unhappy
		Governments should give priority to
		Welfare services
		Healthcare
		Promoting healthy lives
		Develop good habits
		Happy life
		Sense of pride
		Well-being
		Government intervention
		Healthy habits
		Keep fit
		Increase confidence
		Work and social lives
		Government's guideline
		Live under pressure
		Tighten regulation
		Bad lifestyles
		Harmful to health
		Lack self-discipline
		Bad behavior
		Heavy smokers
		Tobacco use
		Endangers health
		Quit smoking
		Government imposes
		Tobacco tax
		Forbids citizens to smoke publicly
	Governments may offer guidance
		Educating public
		Damaging their ways of life
		Launch campaigns
		Disseminate the information
		Sedentary job
		Negative effects on health
		Reduce life expectancy
		Office workers
		Do exercises regularly
		Awareness campaigns
		Eating fast food
		Healthy eating
		Nutritional information
		Food packaging
		Environment
		Dire state
		Damage the environment
		Profit
		Degradation of environment
		Human activities
		Environmental cost
		Population expansion
		Accumulation of waste
		Governments need to take actions
		Raise people’s health awareness
		Small lifestyle changes
		Reduce environmental impact
		Daily activities
		Recycle waste
		Clean-up operation
		Pleasant environment
	Car fumes
		Traffic noises
		Commuting time
		Traffic congestion
		Transportation industry
		Low-cost carriers
		Carbon emissions
		Factories
		Vehicles
		Aviation
		Greenhouse gases
		Global warming
		Adverse effects
		Environment damage
	Public transportation
		Eco-friendly
		Driving
		Reduce carbon emissions
		Governments need to encourage
		Convenient and comfortable
		Go green
		Cut down on the use of energy
		Fossil fuels
		Damage to the environment
		Increase funding
		Clean energy research
		Electric vehicles
		Sustain our environment
		Budget airlines
		Travel around the world
		Low prices
		Cheaper flights
		Benefit masses
		Avoid unnecessary journeys
		Visit different countries
		Career opportunities
		Development
		Better job
		Higher salaries
		International trade
		Air fares
		Commercial possibilities
		Make profits
		suggest/advise + [verb/noun]: "suggest an increase", "advise an increase"
		on the other hand: 表示对比或对立
		prevent/discourage: 表示阻止或减少
		the decrease/drop in: 表示下降或减少
		reduce the greenhouse gases emissions: 表示减少温室气体排放
		minimize the environmental cost: 表示减少环境成本
		related to: 表示相关的
		including: 表示包括在内
		noise pollution: 噪音污染
		environmental destruction: 环境破坏
		do not consider it necessary to: 表示认为不必要
		deprive people of: 表示剥夺人们的
		opportunity to: 表示机会
		lead to a busy life: 导致繁忙的生活
		make an effort/struggle: 表示努力或奋斗
		cope with: 表示应对
		highly affordable: 高度负担得起的
		exotic locations: 异国情调的地点
		sample local food: 尝试当地美食
		turn to: 转向
		technological innovation: 技术创新
		in conclusion: 总而言之
		my view/opinion is that: 我的看法是
		importing products from overseas: 从海外进口产品
		benefit consumers: 使消费者受益
		lead to: 导致
		reduction in the cost of living: 生活成本的降低
		satisfy people’s requirements: 满足人们的需求
		everyday lives: 日常生活
		increased competition: 增加的竞争
		put local producers under pressure: 给当地生产商施加压力
		cut their prices: 降低他们的价格
		standard of living: 生活水平
		secure a supply of: 获得供应
		cause pollution: 导致污染
		emit greenhouse gases: 排放温室气体
		despite these adverse impacts: 尽管这些不利影响
		overall: 总体来说
	have the tendency to/are willing to: 倾向于/愿意
		throw away: 丢弃
		keep for a long time: 长时间保留
		figure out: 弄清楚
		become rampant: 变得猖獗
		reverse this trend: 扭转这一趋势
		technological innovations: 技术创新
		mass production: 大规模生产
		work efficiency: 工作效率
		reduce the cost of living/production: 降低生活/生产成本
		pursue a broad range of products: 追求广泛的产品
		sold at low price: 以低价出售
		fix broken items: 修理损坏的物品
		up-to-date features: 最新功能
		old ones: 旧的东西
		lack environmental awareness: 缺乏环境意识
		ways of life: 生活方式
		unsustainable: 不可持续的
		energy consumption: 能源消耗
		causing pollution: 导致污染
		waste: 浪费
		recycling: 回收利用
		make our lifestyle more sustainable: 使我们的生活方式更可持续
		end up in landfill sites: 最终被填埋在垃圾场
		non-biodegradable products: 不可生物降解的产品
		destructive effect on the environment: 对环境有破坏性影响
		technological development: 技术发展
		manufacturing sector: 制造业
		lack of knowledge about sustainability: 对可持续性缺乏了解
		excessive consumption of products: 过度消费产品
		solutions to this problems: 这个问题的解决方案
		governments can take action: 政府可以采取行动
		mitigate: 缓解
		raise their environmental awareness: 提高他们的环境意识
		disseminate the knowledge: 传播知识
		environmentally friendly ways: 环保方式
		keep household appliances longer: 延长家用电器的使用寿命
		pass some laws: 通过一些法律
		deter/prohibit consumers from throwing away products/goods: 阻止/禁止消费者丢弃产品
		tax penalty: 税收惩罚
		eco-friendly shopping bags: 环保购物袋
		green space: 绿地
		afforestation: 植树造林
		improve air quality: 改善空气质量
		decreasing/reducing the risks: 减少风险
		suffering health problems: 遭受健康问题
		respiratory diseases: 呼吸道疾病
		under threat: 受到威胁
		died out: 灭绝
		illegal hunting: 非法狩猎
		key part of the ecosystem: 生态系统的关键部分
		natural reserves: 自然保护区
		wild animal experiments: 野生动物实验
		undesirable side effects: 不良副作用
		detect: 检测
		development of cities: 城市发展
		pose a threat to: 对...构成威胁
		heritage sites: 遗产地
		maintain the old buildings: 维护老建筑
		offer some cities’ fund: 提供一些城市基金
		preserve/protect historical buildings: 保护历史建筑
		historical relics: 历史文物
		preserved for their historical significance: 因其历史意义而被保留
		old buildings and towns: 老建筑和老城镇
		satisfy/meet contemporary needs: 满足现代需求
		serve the past generations: 为过去的几代人服务
		modern facilities and structures: 现代设施和建筑
		reconstruction and renovation: 重建和翻新
		present challenges to: 对...构成挑战
		development of cities: 城市发展
		providing good housing and amenities: 提供良好的住房和便利设施
		attract and retain inhabitants: 吸引和留住居民
		solve/tackle the problem: 解决问题
		knock down: 拆除
		fill/satisfy contemporary needs: 满足现代需求
		stimulate economic growth: 刺激经济增长
		historical buildings/buildings of historical interest: 历史建筑/具有历史意义的建筑
		undergo renovation: 经历翻新
		attract tourists: 吸引游客
		revenue of tourism sector: 旅游业收入
		driver of economic growth: 经济增长的驱动因素
		overcrowded: 过度拥挤的
		high-rise buildings: 高层建筑
		use land more efficiently: 更有效地利用土地
		regarded as eyesores: 被视为丑陋的事物
		building apartment blocks: 建造公寓楼
		solve overcrowding in cities: 解决城市过度拥挤问题
		office buildings: 办公楼
		wrapped in glass: 用玻璃包裹
		allocate money to: 投入资金到
		artistic projects: 艺术项目
		struggles with budget problems: 面临预算问题的困境
		support the funding for: 支持为...提供资金
		expenditure on public facilities: 对公共设施的支出
		of considerable importance/is important to: 相当重要的/对...很重要
		make our cities more attractive: 使我们的城市更具吸引力
		works of art: 艺术品
		increase the appeal of: 增加...的吸引力
		public libraries, metro stations, city plazas and other facilities: 公共图书馆、地铁站、城市广场和其他设施
		add variety to: 增加多样性到
		urban life: 城市生活
		visually spectacular locations: 视觉壮观的地点
		leisure time: 闲暇时间
		reduce our pressure and put us in a good mood: 减轻我们的压力并让我们心情愉快
		However/Nevertheless: 然而/尽管如此
		public facilities: 公共设施
		quality of their lives: 生活质量
		deserve more of public money: 值得更多的公共资金
		Ordinary/General people: 普通人
		water and electricity supply networks: 水电供应网络
		schools, libraries, and roads: 学校、图书馆和道路
		have a direct bearing on: 直接关系到
		good sanitation and clean water: 良好的卫生和清洁的水
		reduce diseases: 减少疾病
		disseminate knowledge: 传播知识
		job prospects: 就业前景
		luxury items: 奢侈品
		tangible benefits: 实际利益
		However: 然而
		public expenditure on art: 对艺术的公共支出
		benefit a city in economic terms: 在经济上有利于城市
		provided that: 假如，前提是
		basic facilities: 基本设施
		art galleries: 艺术画廊
		eye-catching landmarks: 引人注目的地标
		draw millions of tourists: 吸引数百万游客
		tourism boom: 旅游业繁荣
		decent quality of life: 不错的生活质量
		revenue from tourism sector: 旅游业收入
		invested in the improvement of facilities: 投资于设施的改善
		breaking even: 收支平衡
		social and economic context: 社会和经济背景
		deprived countries: 贫困国家
		basic needs: 基本需求
		high consumer society: 高消费社会
		bare necessities: 基本必需品
		legislation should make: 立法应该
		drink driving: 酒后驾车
		criminal offense: 刑事犯罪
		investment in space technology: 太空技术投资
		respect our neighbors’ privacy: 尊重我们邻居的隐私
		racial discrimination: 种族歧视
	public services and projects: 公共服务和项目
		benefit society as a whole: 使整个社会受益
		public transport system: 公共交通系统
		commuters: 通勤者
		traffic congestion: 交通拥堵
		work efficiency: 工作效率
		profit margin: 利润率
		funded by private sectors: 由私营部门资助
		income redistribution: 收入再分配
		levying taxation/levying taxes: 征税
		shape or control people’s behavior: 塑造或控制人们的行为
		damage the economic development: 损害经济发展
		standard of living: 生活水平
		sense of fulfillment: 成就感
		hefty taxes: 重税
		incentive to work: 工作动力
		entrepreneurs: 创业者
		set up new businesses: 创立新业务
		strike a balance: 达到平衡
		Globalization: 全球化
		interconnected: 相互连接的
		different backgrounds: 不同背景
		employers: 雇主
		responsible and reliable: 负责任且可靠的
		encouraged people to break the mould: 鼓励人们打破常规
		daunting task: 艰巨的任务
		competition is stiff: 竞争激烈
		technology is developing rapidly: 科技发展迅速
		uncertain about economic outlook: 对经济前景不确定
		recruit new employees: 招聘新员工
		jobs have been made redundant: 工作被机械化取代
		opening new branches: 开设新分支机构
		developing countries: 发展中国家
		generate huge profits: 创造巨大利润
		reduce the cost of production: 减少生产成本
	highly competitive society: 高度竞争的社会
		career advancement: 职业发展
		reach their potentials: 发挥潜力
		career success: 职业成功
		sense of accomplishment: 成就感
		dedicated to their work: 对工作全力以赴
		disadvantaged backgrounds: 弱势背景
		improve social status: 提高社会地位
		promotional opportunities: 提升机会
		higher salaries: 更高的薪水
		match their interests: 符合他们的兴趣
		college/university graduates: 大学毕业生
		white-collar jobs/blue-collar jobs: 白领工作/蓝领工作
		competitive edge: 竞争优势
		job market: 就业市场
		Change is the only constant: 变化是唯一不变的
		rapid pace of technological advancement: 技术进步的快速步伐
		social, political, and economic changes: 社会、政治和经济变化
		inevitable: 不可避免的
		turbulent: 动荡的
		maturity/well-established company: 成熟/老牌公司
		shutdown overnight: 一夜之间关闭
		Economic recession: 经济衰退
		cut jobs: 裁员
		reduce spending on staff: 减少对员工的支出
		upgrade their skills: 提升他们的技能
		satisfy requirements of employers: 满足雇主的要求
		out of work: 失业
		unpredictability: 不可预测性
		keep/stay agile and adaptable: 保持灵活和适应性
		changing market trends: 变化的市场趋势
		individual/consumer preferences: 个人/消费者偏好
		challenging time: 充满挑战的时期
		affected: 受影响的
		new opportunity: 新机会
		revaluate career goals: 重新评估职业目标
		pursue new possibilities: 追求新的可能性
		varied career: 多样化的职业生涯
		switching jobs: 转换工作
		increasingly accepting of: 对...越来越接受
		concentrate on individuals: 关注个人
		bring a large number/diverse of experiences and skills: 带来丰富多样的经验和技能
		On-the-job training: 在职培训
		sound financial planning: 健全的财务规划
		strategies to overcome: 克服的策略
		invest in employees’ training and development: 投资于员工培训和发展
		employee retention: 员工留任
		job satisfaction: 工作满意度
		Learning a foreign language: 学习外语
		globalization proceeds: 全球化进程
		ability to communicate effectively: 有效沟通的能力
		clients and colleagues from different backgrounds and cultures: 不同背景和文化的客户和同事
		Personal savings allow/make it possible for people: 个人储蓄让人们能够
		put their ideas into practice: 将他们的想法付诸实践
		set up their own new businesses: 创立自己的新业务
		vital for economic growth and job opportunities/creation: 对经济增长和就业机会至关重要
		city dwellers: 城市居民
		suffer from stress: 遭受压力
		heavy workload: 繁重的工作量
		adequate time to have a good rest: 充足的时间休息
		clerical workers: 文员工作者
		health problems: 健康问题
		work-life balance: 工作与生活平衡
		feel frustrated: 感到沮丧
		take action: 采取行动
		thorny problems: 棘手的问题
		friendly working environment: 友好的工作环境
		sense of belonging: 归属感
		feel motivated: 感到有动力
		build trust and respect: 建立信任和尊重
		team members: 团队成员
		achieve common goal: 实现共同目标
		Without trust and respect: 没有信任和尊重
		find it difficult/hard: 发现很困难
		Being patient: 耐心
		respect others’ feelings: 尊重他人的感受
		equal opportunities: 平等机会
		achieve success: 取得成功
		unlikely/unwilling to seek: 不太可能/不愿意寻求
		male-dominated world: 男性主导的世界
		provide working mothers with: 为工作母亲提供
		maternity leave: 产假
		other forms of support: 其他形式的支持
		working from home: 在家工作
		enjoy more freedom: 更加自由

		rural-to-urban shift: 农村向城市的转移
		job opportunities: 就业机会
		countryside: 农村地区
		escape pressure and noises: 逃离压力和噪音
		provide people with opportunities: 为人们提供机会
		family environment: 家庭环境
		influence on children’s development: 对儿童发展的影响
		play a key role: 扮演关键角色
		children’s education: 儿童教育
		be a good role model: 成为一个好榜样
		give us sound advice: 给我们提供明智的建议
		care about us: 关心我们
		life experience: 生活经验
		nuclear families: 核心家庭
		busy careers: 繁忙的职业生涯
		work overtime: 加班
		not as close to their children as they used to be: 与他们的孩子不像过去那样亲密
		spend too much time on social media: 在社交媒体上花费太多时间
		guide their children to use technological products in an appropriate way: 引导孩子以适当的方式使用科技产品
		promote violence: 促进暴力
		violent content: 暴力内容
		behavioral problems: 行为问题
		copy what they see: 模仿他们看到的
		limit children’s screen time: 限制孩子的屏幕时间
		develop a sense of responsibility: 培养责任感
	educational value: 教育价值
		visual pictures/images: 视觉图片/图像
		plots: 情节
		limit/restrict screen time: 限制屏幕时间
		endorse this habit: 支持这种习惯
		documentaries: 纪录片
		featuring by native speakers: 由母语者主演
		engaging: 吸引人的
		concentrate on learning tasks: 专注于学习任务
		poor academic performance/grades: 差劲的学业表现/成绩
		detrimental to their social development: 对他们的社会发展有害
		lack engagement in interactive activities: 缺乏参与互动活动
		sociable: 善于社交的
		unwilling to share ideas: 不愿意分享想法
		difficulties in gaining knowledge and succeeding academically: 在获取知识和学术上取得成功方面的困难
		in conclusion/summary: 总之
		very important/crucial: 非常重要的
		hold the key to: 是关键
		job prospects: 就业前景
		impart knowledge: 传授知识
		teaching quality: 教学质量
		make a huge influence/difference: 产生巨大影响/差异
		encourage students to think independently: 鼓励学生独立思考
		think creatively: 创造性思维
		achieve success: 取得成功
		self-study at night: 夜间自习
		allow/permit: 允许
		use force to remove disruptive children from classroom: 使用力量将干扰性儿童从教室中驱逐
		grouping students by ability: 根据能力分组
		levels of attainment: 成就水平
		open our minds: 开阔我们的视野
		develop skills: 发展技能
		problem-solving skills: 解决问题的能力
		rote: 死记硬背
		numeracy: 数学能力
		multimedia tools: 多媒体工具
		core subject areas: 核心学科领域
		encourage imagination: 鼓励想象力
		make people more creative: 使人更具创造力
		broaden/expands our mind/horizons: 开阔我们的视野
		exposure to different cultures: 接触不同文化
		boost/encourage creativity: 促进创造力
		sense of accomplishment: 成就感
		well-being: 健康与幸福
		life skill: 生活技能
		work placements: 工作实习
		practical skills: 实践技能
		teamwork skills: 团队合作技能
		group discussions: 小组讨论
		improve communication skills: 提高沟通技巧
		gain insight into: 深入了解
		key concepts and principles: 关键概念和原则
		deepen their understanding: 加深他们的理解
		become experts: 成为专家
		field of work: 工作领域
		empirical knowledge: 经验知识
		find jobs easily: 轻松找到工作
		broaden people’s minds: 开阔人们的思维
		stimulate/inspire them: 刺激/激发他们
		think creatively: 创造性思维
		improving/advancing: 改善/推进
		ideal outcomes: 理想结果
		competitive edge/advantages: 竞争优势
		essential qualities: 关键素质
		critical thinking skills: 批判性思维能力
		practical skills/experience: 实践技能/经验
		considerable importance: 相当重要
		prerequisite for success: 成功的先决条件
		boost/promote: 促进
		cultural exchange: 文化交流
		international cooperation: 国际合作
		overcome language barriers: 克服语言障碍
		widely used: 广泛使用
		broaden minds: 开阔思维
		proficiently: 精通地
		with minimum effort: 付出最小的努力
		draw inspiration from: 从...中获得灵感
		good command: 良好的掌握
		find work easily: 轻松找到工作
		share knowledge and ideas: 分享知识和想法
		seize business opportunities: 抓住商机
		earn money: 赚钱
		carry out projects collaboratively: 协作开展项目
		dominance of English: 英语的主导地位
		damage the cultural diversity: 损害文化多样性
		lead to the demise of: 导致...的消亡
		play a key role: 发挥关键作用
		increasing communication and cooperation: 加强沟通和合作
		across the world: 在全球范围内
		present a challenge to: 对...构成挑战
		assist students in gaining knowledge: 帮助学生获取知识
		improve exploitability: 提高就业能力
		academic performance: 学业表现
		considerable importance: 相当重要
		career accomplishment/achievement: 职业成就
		differences between right and wrong: 是非之别
		succeed in their working lives: 在工作生活中取得成功
		core disciplines: 核心学科
		enter university: 进入大学
		expand knowledge and develop skills: 拓展知识和发展技能
		gain more job opportunities: 获得更多就业机会
		mathematical skills: 数学技能
		build models to analyze data: 建立模型分析数据
		focus on core subjects/key disciplines: 注重核心学科
		studying moral principles and behavioral norms: 学习道德原则和行为规范
		moral compass: 道德指南针
		distinguish right from wrong: 分辨是非
		achieve success: 取得成功
		aware of the distinction between: 意识到...之间的区别
		acceptable and unacceptable behaviors: 可接受和不可接受的行为
		make good use of: 充分利用
		contribute to society: 为社会做贡献
		sense of social responsibilities: 社会责任感
		design safe products: 设计安全产品
		etiquette rules: 礼仪规则
		career advancement: 职业发展
		show respect to: 尊重
		larger social networks: 更广泛的社交网络
		gain support and advice: 获得支持和建议
		teach them the value of politeness: 教导他们礼貌的重要性
		rude and disrespectful: 粗鲁和不尊重
		advance career easily: 轻松发展事业
	One advantage/benefit
		Imposing rules
		Show good behavior
		Manners
		Obey rules
		Boundaries of behavior
		Communicate with
		Polite manner
		Schools' rules
		Profanities
		Disrupt class
		Grow up
		Enjoy choice of friends
		Meet problems
		Gain/receive support
		Opponents of rule-setting
		Unbending rules
		Delay the development
		Problem-solving abilities/skills
		Stick to rules
		Improve the situation
		School rules
		Take courses
		Finish all homework
		Orders of their supervisors
		Workplace
		Deal with
		Cope with
		Unexpected situations
		In my opinion
		Impose rules
		Lift some restrictions
		Grow older
		Young children
		Develop habits
		Tackle and handle difficult problems
		Grown-up children
		Enjoy/have more freedom
		Think about solutions
		Teachers can allow/permit
		Search the Internet for answers
		Setting rules
		Reading textbooks
		Find solutions
		Equal access to education
		Resolve/tackle educational underachievement
		Universities
		Knowledge-based economy
		Free university education
		Less well-off backgrounds
		Tertiary education
		Government grants
		Postgraduate courses
		English-speaking countries
		World-famous universities
		Learn/study at
		On the other hand
		Budget cuts
		Receive a university/college education
		Tertiary educational qualifications
		Low-skilled jobs
		University graduates
		Higher salaries
		University degrees
		Study hard
		Increasing pressure
		Climbing/the soaring unemployment rate
		University graduates/students
		Make a decent living
		Gained tertiary qualifications
Charging tuition fees
		Encourage/motivate students
		Take education seriously
		Work hard
		Obtain a degree
		Free education
		Lower academic level/standards
		Abolishing tuition fees
		Financially feasible or practical
		Allocating government money/funds
		Primary and secondary education
		Improve literacy
		Higher education
		Subsidies for postgraduates programs
		Promote technological innovation
		Economic growth
		Balanced method/approach
		Financial support for disadvantaged students
		Stimulate/encourage academic excellence
		Bridge the economic divide
		Prompt social equality
		Realize/recognize the value of education
		Make it accessible to all
		Financial limitations and constraints
		Governments' funding
	Living away from parents
		Learn how to live an independent life
		College students
		Make new friends
		Enjoy greater freedom of choice
		Social life
		Hit the gym
		Classmates
		Attend lectures
		Finish assignments
		Library
		Part-time work
		Workplace
		Sharpening/developing independence
		Social skills
		Maintain a good/healthy relationship
		Family members
		Distance
		Familiar ties
Distance education
		Deepen their understanding
		Relevant materials
		Practical tests
		Grasp of concepts and theories
		Attend lectures
		Recorded in advance
		Receive education by lectures online/on the Internet
		Digesting information
		Click pause button
		Rewind video
		Fully understand content
		Development of distance-learning programs
		Consult lectures
		Raise questions
		Multimedia interactive communication tools
		Virtual classrooms
		Sending emails
Distance learning programs
		Face-to-face meetings
		Teachers and classmates
		Theoretical knowledge
		Traditional courses/ways
		Rewarding and informative
		Communication with teachers
		Practice tests and exams
		Interaction with classmates
		Negligible
		Learn from others
		Daily communication
		Study skills
		Working experience/practices
		Problem-solving techniques
		Impart the same knowledge
		Conventional degree courses
		Drawbacks
		Lack of interaction
		Limit learning outcomes
Nowadays
		Similar lifestyles
		Fast-paced lifestyle
		Rely heavily on
		Fast food
		Technology
		Direct link
		Fast food advertisements
		Rising levels of obesity
		Unhealthy lifestyle
		Tendency to rely heavily on
		Electronic video games
		Inactive lifestyle
		Damage their health
		Push people at risk of illness
		Regular exercise
		Increase one’s self-confidence
		Reduce the risks of heart diseases and high blood pressure
		Listening to music
		Reduce stress
A healthy diet
		Improve our health
		Food from restaurants
		Home-cooked food
		Too much fat, salt, and sugar
		Vegetables
		Nutritious
		Rich in fiber and vitamins
		Relaxing atmosphere
		Noisy and overcrowded
		Genetically modified food
		Unclear healthy effects
		Disapprove of GM food
		Increase food supply
		Wide range of food choices
		Concerned about GM food
		Damage our health
		Genetic engineering
		Nurture crop varieties
		Intensive farming
		Pose a threat to biodiversity
		Difficult to preserve biodiversity
		Coming decades
Convenience food
		High in fat, salt, sugar, and calories
		Served in large portions
		Obesity
		Contract heart diseases
		Pour more money into the medical system
		Negative effect on economy
		Adversely affect economy
		Fast food chains
		American and European food
		Hamburgers, fried chickens, and pizzas
		Dominant in the market
		Monotonous diet
		Traditional recipes disappearing
		Eat outside
		Keep up to date
		Keep up in touch
		Catch up with family issues
		Less sensitive to emotional requirements
		Family meals
		Share ideas/communicate with family members
		Boost/promote family bonds
		Menace to society
		Health issues
		Lack of diversity in diet
		Breakdown in familiar ties
With age
		Find it difficult to catch up
		Maintain contact with
		Keep up to date with
		Keep in touch with
		Family members and friends
		The Internet and mobile phones
		Make communication faster and easier
		Share videos and photos online
		Exchange/communicate with
		People from other cities or countries
		Less face-to-face interaction
		Rely heavily on technology
		Addicted to social media and electronic video games
		Catch up with friends on social media
		Make new friends and socialize
		Virtual world
		Real world
		Impact of computers on communication skills
		Face-to-face communication
		Should not ignore face-to-face communication
Computer skills
		Applied in studies
		Applied in working lives
		News apps and websites
		Offer the latest news
		Electronic dictionaries
		Easier to carry around
		The Internet
		Find information quickly
		Emails
		Hand-written letters
		Time-consuming
		Online shopping
		Lower prices
		Save time and energy
		Make a payment with mobile phones
		Artificial intelligence
		Reduce mistakes
		Boost work efficiency
		Cutting-edge technology
		Self-driving cars
		Blockchain technology
		Convenience
		Special effects
		IMAX cinema screens
		Robots
		Cause factory workers to lose their jobs
		Articles in newspapers
		Offer more details
		Articles on the Internet
Outdoor activities
		Boost the immune system
		Running
		Jogging
		Cycling
		Swimming
		Hiking
		Feel energetic
		Burn calories quickly
		Lose weight
		Improve coordination
		Boost endurance
		Taking a stroll
		Relax
		Enjoy fresh air
		Get closer to nature
		Parks
		Capture special moments
		Playing outdoor games
		Develop an active lifestyle
		Individual sports
		Boost confidence
		Team sports
		Develop/boost teamwork skills
		International sports events
		Olympics Games
		FIFA WORLD CUP
		Promote peace and understanding
Traditional festivals
		Key part of our cultural heritage
		Enrich our lives
		Boost national pride
		Unite people
		New Year's Day
		Exchange gifts/presents
		Have a good time together
		Lavish gifts
		International tourists
		Respect local traditions
		Tourist spots
		Cater for tastes and needs
		Contribute to the economy
		Spend money on
		Accommodation
		Transportation
		Souvenirs
		Entertainment
		Traveling as a family
		Build familiar ties/boost family bonds
		Get away from our daily routine
		Recharge our batteries
		Experience other cultures first-hand
		Give sb sth
		Give sth to sb
		Provide sb with opportunities to do sth
		Provide sth for sb
Celebrities
		Fame and wealth
		Lost their privacy
		Hard to keep a work-life balance
		Entertainment celebrities/stars
		Be good role models for young people
		Encourage/motivate young people
		Show perseverance
		Contribute to society
		Use the products they endorse
		Do volunteer work
		Donate money to charity
		TV programs
		Interesting and enjoyable
		Dull and boring
		Films
		Well-acted and inspiring
		Lack depth
		Good for all ages
		Negative effect/influence on teenagers
Advertisements
		Make products look more attractive
		Boost sales of products
		Encourage people to follow the latest trends
		Consider it necessary to follow fashion
		Overspend
		Spending habit
		Selfish and greedy
		Care about money and possessions
		Prefer products that are simple but practical
		Mass-produced products
		Lack characters
		Impose restrictions on ads
		Encourage people to buy more than they need
		Media
		Attract public attention
		Sensationalizing victims' suffering
		Authorities
		Censor news reports
		Exaggerated account of some social problems
		Mass production
Advertising campaigns
		Directed at children
		Supervised/regulated
		Pester their parents
		Sensitive to prices
		Satisfy their needs
		Put low-income families under great pressure
		Bombarded with ads
		Lifestyle issues
		Behavioral problems
		Fast food
		Overwhelmed by these ads
		Addiction to violent electronic games
		Promoted by advertising firms
		Affect adversely their health and development
Realize/recognize the advantages
		Advertisements
		Provide/disseminate information
		Nourishing food like cereal and milk
		Commercial ads
		Selling books, games, and toys of educational value
		Gain commercial information
		Tight control over advertising
		Directed at children
		Harmful to children
		Promoting good products
		Accepted









































laws
problems
communities
systems
rates
rules
societies
tasks
opportunities
skills
workers
immigrants
needs
requirements
towns
buildings
facilities
relics
products
goods
gases
flights
jobs
employees
aspects
services
projects
crimes
offenders
punishments
teenagers
careers
commitments
dwellers
amenities
individuals
populations
taxpayers
people
workers
habits
guidelines
behaviors
ways
lives
choices
senses
values
messages
effects
expectations
families
parents
children
products
appliances
experiences
skills
opportunities
qualities
subjects
courses
disciplines
friends
classmates
lectures
questions
tests
degrees
chains
recipes
ties
photos
videos
articles
festivals
gifts
tourists
stars
trends
ads
problems






继续列出单复数



以下是继续为您列出的单复数形式的单词：

budgets
regions
locations
holidays
flights
areas
producers
reservations
experiments
drugs
side effects
languages
cultures
values
landscapes
interests
opportunities
savings
goals
trends
organizations
branches
companies
preferences
views
opinions
solutions
penalties
groups
countries
regions
industries
degrees
qualifications
allowances
norms
networks
contents
plots
images
performances
achievements
attainments
boundaries
orders
restrictions
qualifications
grants
subsidies
choices
materials
concepts
theories
practices
outcomes
meetings
interactions
communications
skills
effects
illnesses
diseases
portions
varieties
crops
biodiversities
payments
details
moments
effects
competitions
achievements
achievements
effects
roles
reports
parents
requirements
goods
families
parents
children
vegetables
fruits
vitamins
fibres
sanctions
regulations
methods
approaches
bonds
customs
heritages
celebrations
possessions
advertisements
consumers
employers
staffs
moulds
outlooks
recessions
employments
achievements
competitions
advancements
accomplishments
contributions
performances
achievements
relations
populations
consumptions
environments
degradations
accumulations
awarenesses
locations
emissions
noises
destructions
preparations
possibilities
opportunities
creations
preferences
changes
challenges
influences
differences
concentrations
frustrations
belongings
achievements
demonstrations
participations
concentrations
performances
examinations
concentrations
developments
cooperations
diversities
exchanges
preservations
renovations
attractions
locations
demonstrations
stimulations
advancements
concentrations
consultations
interactions
communications
exercises
competitions
understandings
celebrations
attractions
contributions
satisfactions
operations
examinations
preparations
communications
demonstrations
celebrations
competitions
confirmations
confirmations
generations
imaginations
inspirations
cooperations
exchanges
reservations
limitations
recognitions
resolutions
achievements
concentrations
absorptions
attractions
distractions
distributions
contributions
instructions
constrictions
rejections
collections
connections
directions
infections
reflections
selections
sections
protections
detections
detections
connections
collections
inspections
permissions
impositions
possessions
impressions
compressions
expressions
suppressions
depressions
aggressions
progressions
aggressions
expressions
compressions
suppressions
possessions
admissions
emissions
submissions
omissions
commissions
missions
transitions
provisions
divisions
provisions
decisions
provisions
oppositions
compositions
expositions
positions
dispositions
propositions
subscriptions
fusions
confusions
infusions
diffusions
effusions
exclusions
illusions
conclusions
intrusions
occlusions
seclusions
collusions
confusions
delusions
permutations
reputations
situations
educations
communications
concentrations
applications
implications
specifications
identifications
qualifications
dedications
decorations
dedications
celebrations
locations
operations
generations
relaxations
compensations
compensations
interactions
attractions
distractions
subscriptions
occupations
recreations
observations
conservations
preservations
consolidations
consolidations
inspirations
civilizations
visualizations
realizations
globalizations
mechanizations
satisfactions
adaptations
qualifications
combinations
differentiations
integrations
separations
aggregations
aggregations
specifications


以下是从您提供的文本中罗列出的所有过去式：

experienced
obeyed
increased
damaged
required
underwent
imposed
provided
supported
discovered
lived
led
failed
reduced
ended
spent
found
intended
made
recruited
caused
had
died
became
cut
forced
exposed
concentrated
suffered
achieved
knew
needed
occurred
addressed
preferred
worked
developed
promoted
shared
limited
gained
performed
succeeded
lost
endorsed
bought
pestered
gave
thought
chose
threw
kept
showed
felt
told
left
came
saw
wrote
read
ate
drank
swam
sang
danced
spoke
took
ran
sat
slept
met
got
wore
drew
flew
grew
sold
understood
built
brought
taught
fought
caught
sent
drank
rang
began
won
heard
held
hurt
lay
learned/learnt
let
meant
paid
put
rode
rose
said
shone
shut
smelled
stole
stuck
swept
took
woke
wore
wound
broke
dug
drew
drove
fell
fed
fought
gave
went
hung
hid
hit
lent
lighted/lit
proved
raised
shook
slit
smelt
stolen
stood
swung
tore
thrust
tiptoed
traced
traded
trained
traveled/travelled
trod
tried
tuned
twined
typed
waded
wagged
waited
walked
wanted
warmed
washed
wasted
watched
wept
withdrew
wrinkled
crept
dealt
dreamed/dreamt
dwelt
forgave
froze
hanged/hung
knelt
rid
shrank
sank
slid
spilled
spun
sprang
stung
strewed
struck
strung
sworn
upset





























当然可以，这里是您提供的单词列表，每个单词之间用空格隔开：

laws problems communities systems rates rules societies tasks opportunities skills workers immigrants needs requirements towns buildings facilities relics products goods gases flights jobs employees aspects services projects crimes offenders punishments teenagers careers commitments dwellers amenities individuals populations taxpayers people workers habits guidelines behaviors ways lives choices senses values messages effects expectations families parents children products appliances experiences skills opportunities qualities subjects courses disciplines friends classmates lectures questions tests degrees chains recipes ties photos videos articles festivals gifts tourists stars trends ads problems budgets regions locations holidays flights areas producers reservations experiments drugs side effects languages cultures values landscapes interests opportunities savings goals trends organizations branches companies preferences views opinions solutions penalties groups countries regions industries degrees qualifications allowances norms networks contents plots images performances achievements attainments boundaries orders restrictions qualifications grants subsidies choices materials concepts theories practices outcomes meetings interactions communications skills effects illnesses diseases portions varieties crops biodiversities payments details moments effects competitions achievements roles reports parents requirements goods families parents children vegetables fruits vitamins fibers sanctions regulations methods approaches bonds customs heritages celebrations possessions advertisements consumers employers staffs moulds outlooks recessions employments achievements competitions advancements accomplishments contributions performances relations populations consumptions environments degradations accumulations awarenesses locations emissions noises destructions preparations possibilities opportunities creations preferences changes challenges influences differences concentrations frustrations belongings achievements demonstrations participations concentrations performances examinations developments cooperations diversities exchanges preservations renovations attractions locations demonstrations stimulations advancements consultations interactions communications exercises competitions understandings celebrations attractions contributions satisfactions operations examinations preparations communications demonstrations celebrations competitions confirmations confirmations generations imaginations inspirations cooperations exchanges reservations limitations recognitions resolutions achievements concentrations absorptions attractions distractions distributions contributions instructions constrictions rejections collections connections directions infections reflections selections sections protections detections detections connections collections inspections permissions impositions possessions impressions compressions expressions suppressions depressions aggressions progressions aggressions expressions compressions suppressions possessions admissions emissions submissions omissions commissions missions transitions provisions divisions provisions decisions provisions oppositions compositions expositions positions dispositions propositions subscriptions fusions confusions infusions diffusions effusions exclusions illusions conclusions intrusions occlusions seclusions collusions confusions delusions permutations reputations situations educations communications concentrations applications implications specifications identifications qualifications dedications decorations dedications celebrations locations operations generations relaxations compensations compensations interactions attractions distractions subscriptions occupations recreations observations conservations preservations consolidations consolidations inspirations civilizations visualizations realizations globalizations mechanizations satisfactions adaptations qualifications combinations differentiations integrations separations aggregations aggregations specifications

以下是您提供的单词列表，每个单词之间用空格隔开：

experienced obeyed increased damaged required underwent imposed provided supported discovered lived led failed reduced ended spent found intended made recruited caused had died became cut forced exposed concentrated suffered achieved knew needed occurred addressed preferred worked developed promoted shared limited gained performed succeeded lost endorsed bought pestered gave thought chose threw kept showed felt told left came saw wrote read ate drank swam sang danced spoke took ran sat slept met got wore drew flew grew sold understood built brought taught fought caught sent drank rang began won heard held hurt lay learned/learnt let meant paid put rode rose said shone shut smelled stole stuck swept took woke wore wound broke dug drew drove fell fed fought gave went hung hid hit lent lighted/lit proved raised shook slit smelt stolen stood swung tore thrust tiptoed traced traded trained traveled/travelled trod tried tuned twined typed waded wagged waited walked wanted warmed washed wasted watched wept withdrew wrinkled crept dealt dreamed/dreamt dwelt forgave froze hanged/hung knelt rid shrank sank slid spilled spun sprang stung strewed struck strung sworn upset





























1.服务咨询：
-顾客需求
consult consultation 
prefer preference 
be interested in 
be worried about 
budget 
available 
-服务项目
locate location
schedule 
be suitable for
beginner
experienced learner
discount
recommend recommendation
-个人信息：
online transfer
home address
contact number
2.面试求职
-背景信息
specialize in
undergraduate
postgraduate
experienced
certificate
-工作要求
require requirement
job description
administrative 
regulation
uniform
work permit
register registration
-工资福利
salary
staff discount
bonus
insurance

3.票务预定
-出行规划
depart departure
arrival 
return 
business trip
-票种推荐
airfare 
weekly return
one-way ticket
round trip ticket
consecutive pass
single ticket
group ticket
economic class
business class
first class
-特殊需求
direct flight 
stopover
food allergy 
wheelchair
aisle
online check-in

4.活动介绍
-主要信息
venue 
theme
purpose
-活动特色
highlight
feature
performing artist
live music
attendee
family-friendly
child-friendly
interaction
-注意事项
incident
safety issue
sunburn
hydrate dehydrate dehydration
public transportation
parking lot

5.景点介绍
-设施活动
tourist reception
electric tram
souvenir shop
display
refreshment
guided tour
-历史景点
background
heritage
antique
the industrial revolution
settlement
conservation
-动植物园
exotic
rare breed | species
orchard 
enclosure
petting zoo
fruit picking | harvesting

6.设施介绍
-设备介绍
photocopier
scanner
category
conference room
projector
elevator
-借还规则
borrow
return
maximum
daytime
overnight
deadline
charge
fine
penalty

-位置介绍
foyer
entrance
exit
auditorium
corridor
dressing room

7.课堂展示
-选择主体
topic 
scope
narrow the scope down
emphasize
-内容安排
content
impact influence
solution
comprehensive 
holistic
specific
incorporate
give insight into
-技巧应用
convincing 
attractive 
cite
journal article
statistical graph

8.论文讨论
-出题思路
abstract 
introduction
thesis statement
literature review
body paragraph
conclusion
-参考资料
theory
citation
reference
application
give credits to someone
plagiarism
previous studies
-研究方法和发现
quantitative research
qualitative research
interview
interviewee
finding

9.研究讨论
-调差问卷
questionnaire questionnaires
the aim/objective/purpose of the
research aim
research topic
research question
-对象选择
a rounded opinion
social background
educational background
cultural background
varying backgrounds
participant 
target interviewee
respondent
-问卷问题
closed question
multiple-choice
open question

10.工程科学
-材料外形
length
width
weight
shape
iron
rubber
synthetic materials | metal
-先进之处:
function
application
automatic
wireless
remote controlled
-有待提高:
contamination 
ecosystem
cost control
reliability
threshold 


11.社会科学
-主观因素
perception
attitude
motivation
belief
value
impression
identity

-客观条件
community
organization
corporate corporation
business setting
mass media
-相互作用
influence
motivating force
positive | negative correlation 
counterproductive

自然科学
-动物习性
habit 
reproduction
fertility
food resource
forage
predator
prey
-研究方法
recording
mapping
eliminate
interference
data collection
accuracy
-人类活动

construction
overfishing
poaching
farming
stock farming
stock farming
logging
deforestation
